Introduction For my first data science project, I chose to examine employment data to build an accurate salary predictor, through data-driven reccomendations. Websites such as Salary.com payscale.com, or Glassdoor.com, utlize user imputed data to predict salaries among all industries. The partial screenshot below displays the wages for a staff accountant in the Los Angeles area. Given the industry, company size, and years of experience, the average salary for a Staff Accountant is $55,064.  Both employees and employers benefit from these websites by knowing the market value of a job. As you can imagine, websites that provide salary data are interested in providing accurate results, so that there is a likelihood that future employees and employers can be confident during salary negotiation.Years of experience, college major, industry, and distance from metropolis are some of the factors that affect the salary predictor's formula accuracy in computing wages. However, most salaries recorded on glassdoor.com are posted by users who are willing to divulge their actual pay. Since anyone can post their salary, the data from these websites might be skewed. For example, there is a 30 thousand dollar difference between the average and the highest-paid Saff Accountants. Additionally, the section labeled "Salaries for Related Job Titles, reveals a similar trend to the Staff Accountant salary information and should be juxtaposed upon the Staff accountant bell curve.Therefore, the intended value of this project is to provide insight into more tangible discriminating and modifiable predictors of salary data.Data CollectionThe data from this project was provided by Data Science Dream Job LLC. Preprocessing As part of data integrity, I implemented the following steps:
	* Merged all features into a single data frame. 
	* Visualized the target variable. 
	* Identified potential outliers utilizing IQR. 
	* Removed salaries with a 0 value. 

One notable outlier discovered is that there are 16 individuals with the title of "Junior" who are receiving a high salary. After looking into the data, these individuals are primarily in the Oil and Finance fields, and those individuals' wages are justified. Therefore, those data points are valid.  Exploratory Data AnalysisBefore developing predictive models, I did a fundamental exploratory data analysis to see the relationship between salary and the other attributes. The most compelling findings are displayed by the box and whisker plots below. As you can see, individuals with higher wages are highly educated, hold executive positions, and have more years of experience than the average employee. The data supports the basic notion that higher education and expertise yield a higher salary.   
